Update bulk RNA-seq modules (#45)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: RNA-seq/03-gastric_cancer_tximport.Rmd

### Read in tx to gene mapping

```{r}
tx2gene_df <- readr::read_tsv(tx2gene_file)
```

Let's take a look at the top of this file with `head`.

```{r}
head(tx2gene_df)
```

### tximport main function

We'll summarize to the gene level.

> Notice that `tx2gene_df` uses identifiers that don't include [Ensembl version information](https://useast.ensembl.org/Help/Faq?id=488) (e.g., don't end in `.1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that `tx2gene_df` uses identifiers that don't include [Ensembl version information](https://useast.ensembl.org/Help/Faq?id=488) (e.g., don't end in a decimal point).
```

Author: These don't end in decimal points. They end in a decimal point followed by a version number. I can probably tweak this a bit to be more clear.
